You may have noticed that this reposity does not have a typical license. This means that the work here is, by default, under exclusive copyright of the repository owner, and no one but the copyright holder may legally use, copy, distribute, or modify the contents of this repository without express permission. More info [here](https://choosealicense.com/no-license/). However, as per section D5 of the [GitHub terms of renterService](https://help.github.com/articles/github-terms-of-renterService/), you may still view and fork this repository, as well as "use, display, and perform" its content. I believe this means you can legally clone the repository and build the Android APK from source if you wish (for yourself, not for redistribution). Note that the Github ToS does not include the right to redistribute the code. When making a pull request to this repository, you will be asked to agree to a relatively short Contributor License Agreement (CLA). Agreeing to [the CLA](https://gist.github.com/NickvanDyke/88e90b0cd9c95ff482b1ace258bd0e76) simply grants any rights you hold over your contribution to the project owner. This is purely so that I maintain ownership of this project that I have invested a lot of my time in (while also keeping it completely free and ad-free), and so that I can ensure that I remain the sole distributor of Sia Mobile, through the Google Play Store or otherwise. I have absolutely no malicious intent with this lack-of-licensing and CLA. My goal in making Sia Mobile's GitHub repository public is for the community to have the ability to audit the code for trustworthiness, and make contributions if they wish. To my understanding, this is the best way to do that while still maintaining ownership over the project and its distribution. If it is not, then please let me know so I can make changes to it.
